Update tidb-specific-system-variables.md (#3215)
pingcap/docs: tidb-specific-system-variables.md

### tidb_enable_stmt_summary <span class="version-mark">New in v3.0.4</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 1 (the value of the default configuration file)

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the statement summary feature. If enabled, SQL execution information like time consumption is recorded to the `performance_schema.events_statements_summary_by_digest` table to identify and troubleshoot SQL performance issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the statement summary feature. If enabled, SQL execution information like time consumption is recorded to the `performance_schema.events_statements_summary_by_digest` system table to identify and troubleshoot SQL performance issues.
```

### tidb_stmt_summary_internal_query <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0 (the value of the default configuration file)
- This variable is used to control whether to include the SQL information of TiDB in the statement summary.

### tidb_stmt_summary_refresh_interval <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 1800 (the value of the default configuration file)
- This variable is used to set the refresh time of the statement summary. The unit is second.

### tidb_stmt_summary_history_size <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 24 (the value of the default configuration file)
- This variable is used to set the history capacity of the statement summary.

### tidb_stmt_summary_max_stmt_count <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 200 (the value of the default configuration file)

> - This variable is used to set the maximum number of the statement that the statement summary holds in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the maximum number of statements that the statement summary stores in memory.
```

- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to show whether the execution plan used in the previous `execute` statement is taken directly from the plan cache.

### ddl_slow_threshold

> - Scope:SESSION
> - Default value:300

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 300
```

> - Ddl operations will be output to the log if its time consumption exceeds the threshold value. The unit is millisecond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DDL operations whose execution time exceeds the threshold value are output to the log. The unit is millisecond.
```
Try to use the present tense when possible.

### tidb_pprof_sql_cpu <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

> - Scope:SESSION
> - Default value:0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
```

- This variable is used to control whether to mark the corresponding SQL statement in the profile output to identify and troubleshoot performance issues.

### tidb_skip_isolation_level_check

> - Scope:SESSION
> - Default value:0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
```

> - After this switch is enabled, if an isolation level not supported by TiDB is assigned to `tx_isolation`, no error will be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After this switch is enabled, if an isolation level unsupported by TiDB is assigned to `tx_isolation`, no error is reported.
```

### tidb_low_resolution_tso

> - Scope:SESSION
> - Default value:0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: 0
```

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the low precision tso feature. After this feature is enabled, new transactions will use a ts updated every 2s to read data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the low precision TSO feature. After this feature is enabled, new transactions use a timestamp updated every 2 seconds to read data.
```

> - The main scenario is to reduce the overhead of acquiring tso for small read-only transactions when old data can be tolerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The main applicable scenario is to reduce the overhead of acquiring TSO for small read-only transactions when reading old data is acceptable.
```

### tidb_replica_read <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

> - Scope:SESSION
> - Default value: leader

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION
- Default value: leader
```

- This variable is used to control where TiDB reads data. Here are three options:
    - leader: Read only from leader node
    - follower: Read only from follower node
    - leader-and-follower: Read from leader or follower node

### tidb_use_plan_baselines <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

> - Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
```

- Default value: on

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the execution plan binding feature. It is enabled by default, and can be disabled by assigning the value off. For the use of the execution plan binding, see [Execution Plan Binding](/execution-plan-binding.md#创建绑定).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the execution plan binding feature. It is enabled by default, and can be disabled by assigning the `off` value. For the use of the execution plan binding, see [Execution Plan Binding](/sql-plan-management.md#create-a-binding).
```
The execution-plan-binding.md has been renamed to sql-plan-management.md.

### tidb_capture_plan_baselines <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

> - Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
> - Default value: off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: off
```

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the automatic binding feature. This feature depends on the Statement Summary, so you need to turn on the Statement Summary before using automatic binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the [baseline capturing](/sql-plan-management.md#baseline-capturing) feature. This feature depends on the statement summary, so you need to enable the statement summary before you use baseline capturing.
```
You can search [自动创建绑定](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/search/?lang=zh&type=tidb&version=stable&q=%E8%87%AA%E5%8A%A8%E5%88%9B%E5%BB%BA%E7%BB%91%E5%AE%9A) in our doc to see its translation.

> - After this feature is enabled, the historical SQL statements in the Statement Summary will be traversed periodically, and bindings will be automatically created for SQL statements that appear at least twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After this feature is enabled, the historical SQL statements in the statement summary are traversed periodically, and bindings are automatically created for SQL statements that appear at least twice.
```
Before, you use "statement summary". Use the terms in a unified way.

### tidb_evolve_plan_baselines <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

> - Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
```
ditto for later occurrences.

- Default value: off

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the baseline evolution feature. For more details, see [Baseline Evolution](/execution-plan-binding.md#自动演进绑定).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the baseline evolution feature. For detailed introduction or usage , see [Baseline Evolution](/sql-plan-management.md#baseline-evolution).
```
When translating the Chinese PR, you have to use an English link anchor too rather than `#自动演进绑定`.

> - To reduce the impact of automatic evolution on the cluster, use the following configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To reduce the impact of baseline evolution on the cluster, use the following configurations:
```

>     - Set `tidb_evolve_plan_task_max_time` to limit the maximum execution time of each execution plan.The default value is 600s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set `tidb_evolve_plan_task_max_time` to limit the maximum execution time of each execution plan. The default value is 600s.
```

    - Set `tidb_evolve_plan_task_start_time` and `tidb_evolve_plan_task_end_time` to limit the time window. The default values are respectively `00:00 +0000` and `23:59 +0000`.

### tidb_evolve_plan_task_max_time <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:GLOBAL
- Default value:600

> - This variable is used to limit the maximum execution time of each execution plan in the baseline evolution feature.The unit is second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to limit the maximum execution time of each execution plan in the baseline evolution feature. The unit is second.
```

### tidb_evolve_plan_task_start_time <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:GLOBAL
- Default value:00:00 +0000

> - This variable is used to set the start time of automatic evolution in a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the start time of baseline evolution in a day.
```

### tidb_evolve_plan_task_end_time <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:GLOBAL
- Default value:23:59 +0000

> - This variable is used to set the end time of automatic evolution in a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set the end time of baseline evolution in a day.
```

### tidb_allow_batch_cop <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0 version</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to control how TiDB sends a coprocessor request to TiFlash. It has the following values:
    - `0`: Never send requests in batches
    - `1`: Aggregation and join requests are sent in batches
    - `2`: All coprocessor requests are sent in batches

### tidb_enable_cascades_planner

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0

> - This variable is used to control whether to enabled the cascades planner feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the cascades planner feature.
```

### tidb_window_concurrency <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 4
- This variable is used to set the concurrency degree of the window operator. 

### tidb_enable_vectorized_expression <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 1
- This variable is used to control whether to enable vectorized execution.

### tidb_enable_index_merge <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the index merge feature.

### tidb_enable_noop_functions <span class="version-mark">New in v4.0</span>

- Scope:SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 0

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable `get_lock` and `release_lock` functions. These two functions are not implemented, and always return 1 in the current version of TiDB,.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable `get_lock` and `release_lock` functions. These two functions are not implemented, and always return 1 in the current version of TiDB.
```
